Update known-issues.md Entity Store Kibana Crash with disabling the feature flag (#7562)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-security/known-issues.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Stop the entity store engines and disable the Entity store feature in all {{kib}} where it is enabled:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stabilize {{kib}} until we resolve the issue, we recommend temporarily disabling the Entity store feature:
```
to indicate what the workaround entails upfront

>    After the override is in place, {{kib}} stabilizes and the crash loop stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'd remove this statement, it makes it sound like kibana is fully stable after that step

> 2. Stop the entity store engines and disable the Entity store feature in all {{kib}} where it is enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Stop the entity store engines and disable the Entity store feature in all {{kib}} spaces where it is enabled:
```

   - For the default space:

      ```
      PUT kbn:/api/security/entity_store/stop
      {}
      ```

      ```
      POST kbn:/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
      {
         "value": false
      }
      ```

   - For all non-default spaces, prefix the path with `/s/{space_id}`:

      ```
      PUT kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/security/entity_store/stop
      {}
      ```

      ```
      POST kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
      {
         "value": false
      }
      ```

   At this point, entity engines stop running, data processing is paused, and the Entity Analytics experience becomes unavailable. For the full API reference, refer to [Stop Entity Store engines](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/operation/operation-put-security-entity-store-stop).

> 3. Remove the `xpack.task_manager.unsafe.exclude_task_types` setting.

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a small conclusion after this step. What now from the user perspective?

Author: As next steps we should point to 9.4.5 or 9.5.0 as next releases with fixes. Can you help me phrase that?

Author: done.

>    Send the following request in every {{kib}} space where the entity store is enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For the default space:
```

>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
      ```
````

   PUT kbn:/api/security/entity_store/stop
   {}

>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
      PUT kbn:/api/security/entity_store/stop
      {}
      ```

      ```
      POST kbn:/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
      {
         "value": false
      }
      ```
````

>    If you're using a non-default {{kib}} space, prefix the path with `/s/{space_id}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For all non-default spaces, prefix the path with `/s/{space_id}`:
```

>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
      ```
````

   PUT kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/security/entity_store/stop
   {}

>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
      PUT kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/security/entity_store/stop
      {}
      ```

      ```
      POST kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
      {
         "value": false
      }
      ```
````

>    The request stops running entity engines and pauses data processing. For the full API reference, refer to [Stop Entity Store engines](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/operation/operation-put-security-entity-store-stop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   At this point, entity engines stop running, data processing is paused, and the Entity Analytics experience becomes unavailable. For the full API reference, refer to [Stop Entity Store engines](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/operation/operation-put-security-entity-store-stop).
```

>    The entity store uses a 3-hour lookback window for log extraction, so entity records missed during the outage are recovered after you re-enable the store.

Reviewer: This could be misleading users into thinking they need to disable then enable it again right away, while IIUC the feature should stay disabled until the next upgrade? Ignore if not relevant  :)

3. Disable the Entity Store feature flag.

   Send the following request in every {{kib}} space where the entity store needs to be removed:

   ```
   POST kbn:/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
   {
      "value": false
   }
   ```

   If you're using a non-default {{kib}} space, prefix the path with `/s/{space_id}`:

   ```
   POST kbn:/s/{space_id}/api/kibana/settings/securitySolution:entityStoreEnableV2
   {
      "value": false
   }
   ```

>    The Entity Analytics experience will be unavailable while the feature flag is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can fold these into the previous step so they do both in each space at once

> 4. Remove the `xpack.task_manager.unsafe.exclude_task_types` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Remove the `xpack.task_manager.unsafe.exclude_task_types` setting.
```
